# Comix Strrip
The Adventures of Professor S.

The project is a comic strip about a professor named Professor S., who is a scientist from New York University Abu Dhabi. Our purpose was to create a comic to engage the community and to make comics interactive, hence more fun to read. The overall theme of the website is set in space as the idea behind the comic is time travel, therefore space acts as a medium for time travel. The story is about a scientist who is experimenting her latest creation: a teleportation portal. The portal drives her into different dimensions, in which she discovers new people, cultures and places. Her experiment is a success, and she can explore the world on a whole new level. 

The website has a retro theme to give it sort of a game kind of look. As soon as you press “PRESS START TO PLAY”, the comic starts with a space themed music track. Clicking on the next button takes you through a portal GIF and the reader enters a new dimension. There are two buttons to move back and forth with each panel; these buttons also have a red, retro theme to go with the on-going retro, space theme. I coded for the most part to make the cover page for the website with a space themed music track. I positioned the panels and the buttons to in cooperate them into the website. The buttons were added with a hover effect, to indicate when they are pressed. I participated into the comic itself to gather the idea as a group and make the comic as interactive and fun as possible in the period we were allocated. I helped in the making of the Naruto panel as I had ample knowledge on the anime. The idea overall was so engaging for the group as we could make any dimension we wanted to, hence in cooperating everyone’s interests. This was motivating for the team as well as the idea involved everyone, acting as a motivating factor to do better. Most parts were done collectively as we met together during class time or outside of class times. 

In the initial concept, we wanted to add a lot of interactivities which we could not be due to time constraints as a group. We were successful in including the most interactive bits and pieces. We wanted different music tracks for each panel which we were able to implement with java script, so we used only one plain music track, which in the end seemed nicer and simpler. We thought of moving the character panel to panel which we were not able to implement. Our expectations were pretty much met as all of us were satisfied with how the website turned out to be.

